GET THROUGH.
THE
AND WE BEGIN TONIGHT AS WE DID
LAST NIGHT, WITH AN R. KELLY
INTERVIEW, A NEW R. KELLY
INTERVIEW.
I NEVER IMAGINED R. HAD MORE TO
GIVE AFTER THE SHOW HE PUT ON
FOR CBS YESTERDAY.
I HOPE THERE'S A PART THREE.
I HOPE THERE ARE A THOUSAND
PARTS TO THIS.
BECAUSE I COULD WATCH IT EVERY
DAY.
R. KELLY IS A VERY STRANGE MAN.
HE TOLD GAYLE KING.
HE SAID PEOPLE WERE STEALING ALL
HIS MONEY.
HE WENT TO THE BANK, HE SAID ITS
WHAT THE FIRST TIME HE'D BEEN TO
THE BANK IN HIS LIFE.
52 YEAR THE OLD, WHY ARE THESE
PENS CHAINED TO THIS DESK?
THE POLICE SHOULD BE LOOKING AT
THIS INSTEAD OF ME.
R. KELLY CLAIMS PEOPLE HAVE BEEN
STEALING HIS MONEY, SO HE WENT
TO HIS LOCAL BANK OF AMERICA TO
SEE IF HE COULD FIND IT.
THE
>> I WAS SO TIRED OF NOT KNOWING
WHERE MY MONEY WAS, WHERE MY
PUBLISHING IS.
>> THIS IS ON YOU, THEN?
>> HUH?
>> ISN'T THAT ON YOU, THEN?
>> A LOT OF IT'S ON ME.
>> AND PEOPLE SAY HE DOESN'T
HAVE MONEY BECAUSE HE HAD TO PAY
SO MUCH IN SETTLEMENTS.
WHAT DO YOU SAY ABOUT THAT?
>> LIE.
>> Jimmy: HE REALLY KNOWS HOW TO
SELL IT.
R. QUEKELLY IS CURRENTLY IN JAI.
HE WENT FROM GAYLE TO JAIL.
AND IT'S INTERESTING THE WAY HE
SPEAKS TO GAYLE KING.
THERE'S ONE PERSON INTERVIEWING
HIM, GAYLE, BUT HE MAKES HIS
CASE TO EVERYONE IN THE ROOM BUT
HER.
>> HOW CAN I PAY CHILD SUPPORT?
HOW?
IF MY EX-WIFE IS DESTROYING MY
NAME, AND I CAN'T WORK!
HOW CAN I WORK, HOW CAN I GET
PAID?
HOW CAN I TAKE CARE OF MY KIDS?
HOW!
>> YOUR EX-WIFE --
>> USE YOUR COMMON SENSE!
>> YOUR EX-WIFE SAYS YOU ABUSED
HER.
>> LIE!
>> Jimmy: HE AS PLAYING IT
PRETTY COOL.
IT WAS ALMOST AS IF HE WAS
TRYING TO GET A SPOT ON THE
SUPREME COURT.
AND HE REMINISCED ABOUT HIS
MARRIAGE OF 13 YEARS.
>> 13 YEARS, BEING MARRIED.
I FLEW IN ON A HELICOPTER.
>> YEAH.
YEAH.
CAN SOMEBODY GET US SOME TISSUE.
>> I WANT A TISSUE.
>> LOOK, MAN, LOOK.
I'M TELLING Y'ALL.
I FLEW IN ON A HELICOPTER WITH A
DAMN PUPPY, AND I --
>> Jimmy: ATE THE PUPPY?
I DON'T KNOW.
WHO DECIDED TO TRUST THIS MAN
WITH A PUPPY ON A HELICOPTER?
BUT THAT PERSON SHOULD BE IN
JAIL TODAY TOO.
AND THIS IS THE MASTER STROKE I
THOUGHT.
SO DEFEND HIMSELF AGAINST
ALLEGATIONS OF WEIRD AND ILLEGAL
AND INAPPROPRIATE SEXUAL
RELATIONSHIPS, TO PROVE HE'S A
NORMAL AND RESPECTFUL GUY, R.
KELLY BROUGHT IN BOTH OF HIS
LIVE-IN GIRLFRIENDS TO SUPPORT
HIM.
>> WHAT IS YOUR RELATIONSHIP,
BOTH OF YOU, WITH R. KELLY?
>> WE'RE WITH HIM.
THAT'S OUR RELATIONSHIP.
THAT'S WHAT IT IS.
>> WE'RE WITH HIM.
>> WE'RE IN A RELATIONSHIP WITH
THAT'S WHAT IT IS.
HIM.
>> WE'RE IN A RELATIONSHIP WITH
WE JUST SAID IT.
HIM.
>> A VERY STRONG RELATIONSHIP.
WE JUST SAID IT.
>> BOTH OF YOU.
>> A VERY STRONG RELATIONSHIP.
>> YES.
>> BOTH OF YOU.
MOST DEFINITELY.
>> YES.
>> Jimmy: IT'S NO DIFFERENT THAN
MOST DEFINITELY.
THE BACHELOR.
>> Jimmy: IT'S NO DIFFERENT THAN
HE'S GOT A HELICOPTER, A PUPPY,
THE BACHELOR.
MULTIPLE GIRLFRIENDS LIVING IN
HE'S GOT A HELICOPTER, A PUPPY,
THE HOUSE.
MULTIPLE GIRLFRIENDS LIVING IN
THE ONLY DIFFERENCE IS THEY HAVE
THE HOUSE.
SEX AND THE BACHELOR DOESN'T, I
THE ONLY DIFFERENCE IS THEY HAVE
GUESS.
SEX AND THE BACHELOR DOESN'T, I
BUT WITH ALL THIS CRAZINESS
GUESS.
HAPPENING, IT'S EASY TO FORGET
BUT WITH ALL THIS CRAZINESS
R. KELLY IS A MUSICIAN.
HAPPENING, IT'S EASY TO FORGET
I THINK IT'S IMPORTANT TO REMIND
R. KELLY IS A MUSICIAN.
EVERYONE OF THAT.
I THINK IT'S IMPORTANT TO REMIND
I BELIEVE I CAN
EVERYONE OF THAT.
>> LIE!
I BELIEVE I CAN
>> BEEN BURIED ALIVE.
HOW CAN I GET PAID!
SPREAD MY WINGS AND
>> I FLEW IN ON A HELICOPTER.